Unlock the full potential of your supply chain.
Say Goodbye to:
What is the Container Lifecycle Management®Platform?
“Most vendors come in and pitch. Gnosis came in and listened.”
"Gnosis is our visibility partner of choice!"
My company has tested multiple container visibility tracking tools and we find Gnosis to be Best in Class. Gnosis predictive ETA's are accurate and trustworthy, allowing our team to execute with reliable data."
"The best container tracking platform by far"
Gnosis allows me to easily track my customers bookings, manage ETDs and ETAs, and track shipments. One of my favorite features of Gnosis Freight, is being able to set alerts for all of my customers.
"Gnosis eliminates all of my excel spreadsheets!"
I love the flexibility of the platform and how easy it is to modify to our needs. It doesn't take weeks to get a change made to a chart or KPI metric that we want included or removed, it is the same day.
"The CLM Platform helps us be more efficient!"
"The biggest saving is always overall inventory. Its binding capital aspect needs to be carefully managed. For all those inventory-related costs, Gnosis Freight definitely helps us be more efficient."
Top 25 Importer(Automotive & Transportation)
All-In-One Platform toTrack & ManageYour Shipments
Stop copying & pasting container data into spreadsheets, searching carrier websites for hours,and sending emails back and forth to get the most up-to-date data.
VISIBILITY MEETS EXECUTION
Our Solutions
Container Lifecycle Management® Platform
The world’s first supply chain platform focused on the full lifecycle of your shipping containers. Powered by the most complete, accurate, and low latency container tracking data available, the CLM platform provides logistics professionals with a smarter way to track and manage their containers.
Supply ChainExecution Modules
Enhance your CLM platform with supply chain execution modules, leveraging advanced process improvements and automations to help manage any part of the container lifecycle. Save time, reduce costs, and work more collaboratively to maximize efficiency and profitability.‍
Marlo® Container Tracking Engine | API
Enhance visibility through dynamic, predictive, and highly accurate milestones, available in the Container Lifecycle Management® (CLM) Platform or via API to empower your internal systems, and gain a superior view of every milestone.‍
Operational Grade Data.
CLM pulls real-time data from ocean carriers, ports, terminals, rail lines, drayage systems, air cargo feeds, U.S. Customs, and AIS satellite—ensuring comprehensive coverage from all angles.
Instead, CLM cross-references multiple feeds to fill gaps and resolve conflicts using a smart hierarchy and contextual logic.
Gain access to dynamic, predictive, and highly accurate milestones giving you a complete and accurate view of your container's journey from gate-in at origin to empty returned.
Together, we’ll unlock the full potential of yourend-to-end container logistics processes.
For Importers

For Exporters
For Drayage Providers
For Freight Forwarders
Discover theCLM Platform
Experience a smarter way to track & manage your containers.
Across the planet, in one platform. Making decisions together, in real-time. Become the logistics partner you have always wanted.
Put time back in your day with Gnosis, a much more effective way to manage your end-to-end supply chain processes. Our users are saying goodbye to the working ways of the past and embracing the power of collaboration and automation.We have quantified an average user's savings per week:
TPM25: Enhancing theCustomer Experience
We recently announced a partnership with Hapag-Lloyd and PayCargo on a first-of-its-kind container payment platform. Gnosis’ Chief Technology Officer Jake Hoffman delves more into that partnership and enhancements to the company's Container Lifecycle Management® platform.
Browse our resource center
Jake Hoffman and Joe Lynch discuss the container payment portal and the rise of AI in freight. Jake is the Chief Technology Officer of Gnosis Freight, a logistics tech company focused on the lifecycle of a shipping container as it moves around the world.
Jake Hoffman and Joe Lynch discuss the container payment portal and the rise of AI in freight. Jake is the Chief Technology Officer of Gnosis Freight, a logistics tech company focused on the lifecycle of a shipping container as it moves around the world.
Gnosis Freight recently announced a partnership with Hapag-Lloyd and PayCargo on a first-of-its-kind Container Payment Portal.
See how CLM helps logistics team stay ahead
Track, manage, and take action across your containers with the Container Lifecycle Management® Platform—no switching tools or chasing updates.
Together, we’ll unlock the full potential of your end-to-end container logistics processes.